All the media talked about the corona …
Wash your hands with soap ...
Wear a muzzle
Get away from the other one
Make a distance between you and the other,
No one kisses anyone...
The doctors spoke in all ways
some of them said ...
Of course without telling you to sit in the house and go and wash your hands
These are sentences you've memorized.
Paracetamol 500mg
(antipyretic-analgesic)
I want to strengthen immunity, Doctor.
Vitamin D
there is Vitamin D 10000 unit
vitamin D pure with no companion
when the Pharmacist told you you can take  - Osteocare , contains calcium and v.D  said no, i want a pure V.D
V.D 10000 and 50000 units
you can but 50000 units once weekly
i told you things you don't need to ask doctor in it
like Melga and Neurobion
zinc 50 ml you could but zinc 50
dose: twice daily
and for child once daily
so we took vitamin D, Paracetamol as (antipyretic-analgesic) and Zink
and drinking a lot of drinks , your immune system will be strongest by drinks
Dr. i have a cough .....
all the medicines for cough like Oblex  is no thing
it all just a wheezy chest
Ventolin if you have a MicroAir Nebuliser
and Ventolin and Balmcourt
or Ventolin tablets
the antibiotics have no role because it a virus
and if you have to get one as a preventer i prefer Zithromax
please there is no specific medicine for virus
it is all for strong the immune system only
the treatment for Malaria is the soultion in Algeria and Hind and it approve results  in first 2 days
if you have a Itchy throat
and you feeling dizzy , take Plaquenil
if you found it .... if you found it
haemophilia treatment for Blood-sourcing
Eliquis 5 mg twice daily  it is perfect in Lung clots
and some of them said ....
hydroxychloroquine  Use for simple and moderate cases
and it used with specific caveats
these are instructions from World Health Organization
and the treatment in this cases has proven itself
and there are cases you can not use it for, so we said it must be taken with Doctor
It's not good to take the treatment with our own vision.
Today, the Minister of Health spoke about people taking supplements, vitamins and immunosuppressants
and pulling immunosuppressants off the market
To what extent is there a healthy person and his home is safe and his family is intact
and he decided he was going to buy supplements or immunosuppressants.
How effective is that to protect him?
He doesn't quite need it.
People who need to be supported ...
They're the people who contact with corona's patients .
and all the ways of prevention for who...???  for a certain segment of people…
and the other ….?
It doesn't matter, They're not important…
What matters is that we ....
we are raising awareness ......
-	Ok and the rest....
-	Doesn't matter
So, let us highlight the scavengers a little bit ...
and the cleaners and companies in everywhere
in the street, hospitals and companies
and the sewers and the source of the epidemic.
Is the problem in transportation only?
and the Public Transport Authority and the buses?
The problem is much deeper…
The cleaners are carrying (the epidemic itself)
and while he's carrying the disease, they deal with all the people
and they have families , they dealing with them
and their families go to the market and ride transportation
and deal with all the people and the epidemic spreads again …
I mean we are in short …
it's  looks like creating a incubator and recycling unit
and these cleaners are daily workers (per diem employees work)
They deal the same way
The deeper problem is sewers and sewage workers
they deal with the disease directly by unclog the sewer
and the stuff that comes out of the sewers is left in the street
then Children play and people trespass and trample on which is come out of the sewers
and wipe in the carpets and in the clothes
and they do recycling the disease again
other than that they themselves deal with their children and their children go to school
and deal with teachers and teachers
and then what...
The disease is spreading again
and make me dizzy, Lemon
and (wouldn't be caught/ seen dead) to get dizzy
Other than the doctors and nurses who die from infection
and the dogs and cats that die in the streets
Guys, we run into a missing link
Awareness is needed, It must be restricted
Clearness is required, we must be protected correctly
I will not talk about queues in everything …
In the bread queues and in government transactions
such as traffic
and like the national id card and other queues
If there is no awareness and transparency ...
(So we can leave it to God and it will be done)
A real quarantine is required and disposal of waste
and dealing with patients professionally
and even the well-being must always be observed
So we can get the infection under control and finish it once and for all
and the comprehensive survey is permanent
Because people died of fear
and it is not just about the epidemic ...
there must be a solution…
we must be afraid, we should all be afraid…
afraid for our kids, our country and on our selves
we must join hands and be aware
There's an appeal,
and everyone's working because everyone's going to get hurt
We should know that we are all in the same boat
(Individuals, institutions, people and states)
So we should be together (thought and work)
and we don't talk and we don't say anything except to god's satisfaction
As the Prophet (y) said, his hadith
(O God, lift us from the scourge, the epidemic and all the diseases)
God healed every patient and lifted us the scourge and the epidemic
and God bless all the weak and poor and the needy
God pardoned our Egypt and all the Arab and Islamic countries
and peace be upon you and god's mercy and blessings